When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
Just remember...if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
Hallmark Card, I am so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here.
Whoever coined the phrase 'Quiet as a mouse' has never stepped on one.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
The knee is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
Crazy is a relative term in my family!
Men, chocolate, and coffee are all better rich. 
Keep smiling, it makes people wonder what you're up to.
Procrastinate now, don't put it off. 
Caution, Blind Man Driving. 
All trespassers will be shot on sight. All survivors will then be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.Have a nice day! 
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize. 
Borrow money from pessimists - they don't expect it back. 
Everyone has a photographic memory, some just don't have film! 
42.7% of all statistics are made up on the spot. 
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good. 
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory. 
The sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up. 
All those who believe in telekinesis, raise my hand. 
I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met. 
OK, so what's the speed of dark? 
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something. 
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm. 
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane. 
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy. 
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now. 
I intend to live forever -- so far, so good. 
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines. 
My mechanic told me,I couldn't repair your brakes,so I made your horn louder.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. 
A conclusion is the part where you got tired of thinking. 
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it. 
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research. 
Don't drink and drive you might spill your beer
If you can't fix it with duck tape you have'nt used enough 
Smile, and the world will smile with you.
Laugh and they'll all think your on drugs. 
I'll be sober tomorrow but you'll be ugly for the rest of your life. 
Where there's a will, there's a way.And where there's a way, then there's usually a stop sign somewhere along the road.
I didn't lose my mind, I sold it on ebay.
The Earth Is Full - Go Home. 
So Many Pedestrians - So Little Time. 
Cleverly Disguised As A Responsible Adult. 
Eat Right, Exercise, Die Anyway. 
Illiterate? Write For Help 
You! Out Of The Gene Pool - Now! 
Fight Crime: Shoot Back! 
Boldly Going Nowhere. 
Caution - Driver Legally Blonde. 
Honk If You've Never Seen An Uzi Fired From A Car Window. 
GROW YOUR OWN DOPE --- PLANT A BLONDE. 
All Men Are Animals; Some Just Make Better Pets. 
POLITICIANS & DIAPERS BOTH NEED TO BE CHANGED, AND FOR THE SAME REASON
Those who think they know everything, annoy those of us that do 
Save the environment...plant a Bush back in Texas. 
Don't regret doing things, regret getting caught 
None of us are virgins, life has screwed us all 
Everyone in life has a purpose, even if its to serve as a BAD EXAMPLE 
We didn’t lose.....we just ran out of time
Here officer, hold my beer while I find my license.
There are some days when I just don't feel like talking.. Today is that day. 
The only reason that I talk to myself is because that I'm the only one whose answers I accept.
Learn from the mistakes of others, because you can't live long enough to make them all yourself.
Men are like pennies: two-faced and worthless.
Love is like heaven but hurts like hell.
Look up for inspiration, down for concentration but don’t look side to side for information.
Is tuna really Chicken? - Jessica Simpson, after reading Tuna, Chicken of the sea
I did my homework! I just forgot to write it down.
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gurgle.
When they put unknown at the end of a quote, that means they probably don't no how to spell anonymous
I'll kill you until you die!!
They misunderestimated me! -George W. Bush
Don't criticize my mess unless you'd like to become part of it.
I have a mind like a steel trap; it is rusty and illegal in 47 states
A good essay is 10% inspiration, 15% perspiration, and 75% desperation
I'm an angel, honest! The horns are just there to keep the halo straight
There's nothing wrong with being a loser, it just depends on how good you are at it.
If at first you don't succeed, cheat, repeat until caught, and then lie!
Thank-you for visiting reality, come again........... Now entering your life, welcome
Consciousness- that annoying time between naps
It takes 42 muscels to smile, so instead pick up your middle finger and
say bite me in a bitchy tone!
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder
I can see clearly now, the brain is gone... 
Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster 
Funnyguy3D -- WHAT A  JOKE!
A compromise is an agreement whereby both parties get what neither of them wanted.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
College is a refuge from hasty judgment.
It's funny how most activists are pacifists.
When I die, I'm leaving my body to science fiction.
You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'.
A woman is an occasional pleasure but a cigar is always a smoke.
Youth is a malady of which one becomes cured a little every day.
He’s turned his life around. He used to be depressed and miserable. Now he’s miserable and depressed.
Always laugh when you can. It is cheapest medicine.
Laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life.
An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building, and after 50 floors says, 'So far so good!'
You can't have everything....where would you put it?
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings including this one.
Nothing can confound a wise man more than laughter from a dunce.
Join The Army, Visit exotic places, meet strange people, then kill them.
An consultant is someone who takes a subject you understand and makes it sound confusing.
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
It a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
You know the speed of light, so what's the speed of dark?
A day without sunshine is like, well, night.
If you can’t live without me, Why aren’t you dead yet?
Love your enemies. It'll make 'em crazy.
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver.
I told the Inland Revenue I didn’t owe them a penny because I lived near the seaside.
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
Romance often begins by a splashing waterfall and ends over a leaky sink.
I’d like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
Shall I not have intelligence with the earth?
Am I not partly leaves and vegetable mould myself.
You might have seen a housefly, maybe even a superfly, but I bet you ain't never seen a donkey fly! Ha, ha!
The great question.... which I have not been able to answer... is, "What does a woman want?
I found a great way to attract money... work!
Death is a once in a lifetime experience.
Man has his will, but woman has her way.
If life is a bowl of cherries, why am I stuck with the pits?
Never argue with a fool. People might not know the difference.
I am in my own little world but it's okay they know me here.
Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad cheque.
Finally things will start clicking…your elbow, knees and back!
Where there are no swamps there are no frogs.
Confidence is the feeling you sometimes have before you fully understand the situation.
To err is human; to admit it, superhuman.
I grew up with six brothers. That's how I learned to dance - waiting to get into the bathroom.
Beware of the young doctor and the old barber.
I don't want to quit drinking because, as they say, winners never quit and quitters never win.
Life is so unlike theory.
All women are good - good for nothing, or good for something.
As he was valiant, I honor him. But as he was ambitious, I slew him.
Life is a terminal desiese for which there is no vaccination.
Love thy neighbor. But don't get caught.
I have six locks on my door all in a row. When I go out, I lock every other one. I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three.
Just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.
To the optimist, the glass is half full. To the pessimist, the glass is half empty. To the project manager, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get into the office. 
The most important thing is not to stop questioning.
Do not worry if others do not understand you. Instead worry if you do not understand others.
You are a time millionaire - for a rich life invest wisely.
You may have DIALOG or MOBITEL connection, but when you sneeze, all you say is "HUTCH"
You can find tea in a tea cup.. but cannot find world in a world cup.
Drive carefully! Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker. 
That would be a good thing for them to cut on my tombstone: Wherever she went, including here, it was against her better judgment.
Girls are like pianos. When they're not upright, they're grand.
A husband is a guy who tells you when you've got on too much lipstick.
Only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy. One is to let her think she is having her own way, and the other is to let her have it.
We always hold hands. If I let go, she shops.
Change is inevitable except from a vending machine.